 Our humble mission Transform fifty thousand lives through education by 2050. 
Sitare University - FREE Computer Science B.Tech. degrees to talented students.&nbsp; Education is empowerment. Education gives us hope. Education has the power to uplift not only individuals, but the entire world. In today world, good education is not always accessible to the underprivileged in our society. There is tremendous potential and talent in these children, all they need is access to good education. At the Sitare Foundation, we believe in providing access to high quality education to the most talented underprivileged children in our society. We have embarked upon a humble mission. Our mission is to ôTransform fifty thousand lives through education by 2050.ö 
Get in touch Barack Obama 44th President of the United States "The best anti-poverty program is a world-class education." Transforming Lives 
Mahendra was born and raised in a small town, Chohtan in Barmer District, Western Rajasthan. His father works in a sheet metal factory rolling stainless steel sheets. His elder brother also works in the same factory. They have a very large family to support, and if Mahendra didn't get an opportunity to study in Sitare Foundation, he would probably be working in the same factory today to support his family. "I got an opportunity to be a part of the organization where I met some of the most motivated young people, who were nurtured by the Sitare Foundation to dream higher." 
Kusum is a poor farmer's daughter. Her family does not own the land they farm, they just work there, while the landowner keeps the lion share of the earnings. They only get 30 cents on a dollar of crops sold. "In my community, women are seldom sent to school, but my parents believe in education. They knew that education, especially women's education, is the only way out of generational poverty. For me, the path to education was never easy. From a young age, I have contributed to the farm work, from milking cows, to cooking, tilling the fields, I did whatever was needed to help my family." 
Milan comes from a life of adversity. His father is an auto-rickshaw driver who works day and night to make ends meet. In his auto-rickshaw, Milan's father used to take several affluent kids to school everyday, and outside that private school, he used to shake his head thinking his children will never be able to go to such a good school. All that changed when Milan was selected into the Sitare Foundation. Today his father proudly brings his son to the same school sometime in his auto-rickshaw. 
Nisha was born and brought up in a small village, Chawandiya (population 2,140) in Nagaur District, Rajasthan. Nisha's father is a farmer and her mother is a housewife who also helps at the farm. Her entire family works on the farm. Nisha had never seen life outside her village until she entered the Sitare program in Jodhpur. And now, she is going places. "Joining the Sitare Foundation was a turning point in my life. Having lived my entire life in a small village, in a family of poor farmers, I moved to the city and started going to an international school." 
Urmila was born and raised in a small town in Jodhpur District, Western Rajasthan. Urmila's father is a security guard and her mother is a housewife. She will be the first in her family to attend college, breaking new ground and setting a path for future generations. "Growing up, I witnessed a society where girls were burdened with household chores and forced into early marriages. However, everything changed when I had the opportunity to join the Sitare Foundation." Check other stories &nbsp;&nbsp; We Partner With Some Of The Best Private Schools In A City And Provide Our Children With The Education Otherwise Available To Only The Elite Few. Cities We Work In Sanskriti, The School Ajmer, Rajasthan 
Visit Kids Club School Jaipur, Rajasthan 
Visit GVN The Global School Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh 
Visit BR Birla Public School Jodhpur, Rajasthan 
Visit The Millenium School Indore, Madhya Pradesh 
Visit 
We are learning a lot. The challenge of educating underprivileged children is daunting, but that does not and will never deter us. We are taking a scientific, step-by-step approach to impact lives and societies through education. We aim to educate 50,000 students by 2050. We know that after going through our seven-year program, our students will shine like Sitare (Hindi for Stars), and inspire millions in their own communities. We are thankful to OakNorth for sponsoring the education of thirty five underprivileged girls through their CSR program. Find us on Social Media 
Contact Us INDIA 
+91 78499 09927 USA 
+1-650-305-5721 Copyrights &copy 2024 
Sitare.org All rights reserved --> 
